Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-final-programming-project-assessment
<br>
The following programming problem can be solved by a program that uses three basic tasks-Input Data, Process Data, and Output Results. To process the data, use file, looping, array, decision, accumulating, counting, find min/max and sorting techniques. First, create an MS Word document containing a hierarchy chart and a data flow diagram to organize your program modules. Second, create a pseudocode program using Notepad++ to solve this problem. Third, create the program with RAPTOR. You MUST use Modular Programming techniques by using Sub Modules (Sub Charts in RAPTOR) in your program. Your “main” module should not be very large.<strong>Problem Statement</strong>Ledger’s Furniture Store has 10 salespeople. Ledger’s wants to produce a combined monthly sales report for all salespeople. Ledger’s wants you to write a program that will allow them to enter data in any order, save the unsorted data to a file, and then produce a file in alphabetical order by last name of the salespeople. The unsorted output file should be named “sales_unsorted.txt” and the sorted file should be named “sales_sorted.txt”.Your unsorted file output should include: A list of the salespeople’s names and the monthly sales for each of them.Your sorted file output should include: A list of the salespeople’s name and the monthly sales for each of them. At the bottom of the report, list the following:o The total combined sales for all salespeople.o The average sales for all salespeople.o The salesperson with the lowest sales for the month.o The salesperson with the highest sales for the month.You must submit the unsorted and sorted files with your RAPTOR program to show that your program ran correctly.Here is your sample test data to use with your program. This is to be typed in as user input.SalespersonMonthly SalesJoan$ 1525Bob$ 1935Lisa$ 2550Tina$ 1745Corey$ 3025Chummily$ 1420Rick$ 4560Nancy$ 2645Holly$ 1489Frank$ 4450Do not worry about the formatting of your output files since RAPTOR does not support formatting controls.The unsorted file should look similar to this: The sorted file should look similar to this:Joan Sales: $ 1525 Bob Sales: $ 1935Bob Sales: $ 1935 Chummily Sales: $ 1420Lisa Sales: $ 2550 Corey Sales: $ 3025Tina Sales: $ 1745 Frank Sales: $ 4450Corey Sales: $ 3025 Holly Sales: $ 1489Chummily Sales: $ 1420 Joan Sales: $ 1525Rick Sales: $ 4560 Lisa Sales: $ 2550Nancy Sales: $ 2645 Nancy Sales: $ 2645Holly Sales: $ 1489 Rick Sales: $ 4560Frank Sales: $ 4450 Tina Sales: $ 1745======================Total Sales: $ XXXXXAverage Sales: $ XXXXSalesperson with Lowest Sales: nameSalesperson with Highest Sales: name<strong>Other Requirements:</strong> Documentation: Use the “Comments” feature to document each symbol in the flowchart. You do this by right-clicking the symbol and selecting “Comment.” Be sure to identify the data type of each variable used in your comments. Be sure to explain what each formula and function does. Be sure to explain what each of the other symbols in the flowchart does in a comment. Test and debug your Program: Use the sample input data, run the program, then check your answers with a calculator or Excel. If something did not match up, then fix your program. Program must execute and produce correct output. Read this page again to be sure you covered all requirements. See the Programming Project Rubric for grading principles. Extra Credit: Use Object-Oriented Programming Techniques learned in chapter 11.<strong>Submission Instructions:</strong> You will submit 5 files for this project. You must submit the Hierarchy Chart and Data Flow Diagram in a MS Word or PDF file (both in same document), a Pseudocode Program in a Notepad++ file, and a Flowchart (from RAPTOR) file. Your RAPTOR file will be the .rap file created when you save your project. Name the RAPTOR file (replacing LastName and FirstInitial with YOUR name): LastName_FirstInitial_Program1.rap (example: Smith_J_Program_3.rap). You must also submit the unsorted and sorted files (sales_unsorted.txt and sales_sorted.txt) to show that your program ran correctly. Attach your files individually (no zip files) to your assignment submission upload. If you find that you made an error and want to resubmit before the due date, you may do so. However, only the LAST files uploaded by the due date will be graded.